# 2024-11-30, Saturday, 10:40 AM

So I'm working through some problem with vite + xmtp + webassembly. I'm kind of
stuck in a hole I've never been in before on this, so it's a little rough.
There's a chunk of code that's issuing a warning and (allegedly) falling back to
a different function. The warning seems very related to the error I'm seeing
("was compiler error, magic number blah blah"), so I'm trying to get rid of the
warning. The warning says that the wasm module is being served with an incorrect
content type (text/html instead of application/wasm), and I've injected some
logs that indeed show the module's response content-type is set to text/html.
The thing I'm confused about right now is that I've added a vite server plugin
to set the correct header and also dev tools network logs show me that the
correct header is indeed set. _So why does devtools show the request with the
correct header but the actual module shows up with the incorrect header?_

I'm probably going to take a step back next time I work on this because I kind
of got sucked into a hole I wasn't prepared for. For example, who wrote the
erroring code? Was it the XMTP team or is it a third-party wasm library? This
will help inform my priors about what is the root cause.

__Oh, also:__

I forgot to mention that I moved the xxo example from Next to Vite. It's funny
because both Next and Vite have specific frustrations involved but they're never
the same. I switched from Next because the SSR was making it a pain to create
singletons of `Quiver`, but now I'm struggling through a bunch of build-related
stuff.

