# 2024-11-15, Friday, 10:00 AM

So the router was pretty easy and basically went how I thought it would. So now I'm at the tricky part where I need to think about the API. Right now we have (or could have):

- Function
- Middleware
- Router
- Provider
- App
- Server
- Client

Right now, each of

- Function
- Middleware
- Router
- Client

are pretty well-defined and necessary. Ultimately the workflo on the server looks something like this:

- create a provider
- start the provider
- create a router
- attach handler to the router
- attach router to the provider

We can't really get away from taking all those steps, what we need to figure out is what to provide to the user's to make the API both obvious and flexible.

The reason to separate the provider and the router is that we will actually usually have multiple routers and/or clients on a single provider. You can think of the provider like the network stack and we have to manage mux/demux and also the user doesn't really want to know about it.

What if we pass the provider to `createQuiver`? That's a good idea actually. Maybe, just like with HTTP networking, the user is basically never going to care about starting/stopping it. Yeah, that's the ticket. Ok, great.

That makes thinking about what to put on the router more obvious too, because now we can have start/stop on the router without making the API all confusing. Great, I really like this.

Do we still need `QuiverApp`? I don't think so. Alright, yeah this is feeling like the design decisions are starting to cascade in a good way!

# 2024-11-15, Friday, 11:54 AM

So the considerations above are implemented and an end-to-end test is working. There's definitely a few more kinks to work out, but the whole thing basically works. A few of the kinks:

- finalize the "xmtp passed to quiver(xmtp)" API and workflow. how is xmtp started and stopped?
- think through and implement the base cases for each of the quiver components. for example right now `createRouter` requires a passed middleware.
- fix how the handlers are called. at the moment the server is returning the context in the response, which is not what we want. also,
- do we want QuiverFunction to be `(i, ctx) => { o, ctx }` or do we want it to be just a function?

# 2024-11-15, Frida, 12:15 PM

Ok so the `QuiverFunction` type was reverted to not return CtxOut. I think it's fine that handlers can't write to CtxOut for now. The e2e test is working. There's some weird error being thrown by XMTP which I bet is because of using an old library version or something. xmtp should honestly be a peer dependency.

- One thing to remember is I want to remove the `QuiverXX` part of all the types.